---
layout: post
title:  "ResBaz 2023"
date:   2023-09-07 13:00:00
image: pens.jpg
isStaticPost: false
---
You might have heard about it by word of mouth, through a poster or even an
email. But you’re not quite sure exactly what ResBaz is. Is it about Python?
Quantum computing? Wellbeing? Cheap food? Well, ResBaz is a three-day,
worldwide, low-cost festival that focuses on promoting digital literacy
emerging at the centre of modern research. It is organised by universities
across the globe and has been running since 2015 as a way for researchers from
different universities to share their knowledge and expertise. 

Do you have trouble with Python? High performance computing piques your
interest? Or maybe your research is getting you down and you need to get tips
on how to manage stress? ResBaz touches on all of this offering keynotes, talks
and workshops for researchers at any level but especially Masters by Research
students, PhD students and early career researchers. Learn from experts in the
industry and improve your understanding of one of the myriad of offerings from
ResBaz.

Whilst RezBas is about learning and challenging yourself, it’s also about
building community. Research should not be siloed, but apart of an
ever-connecting network. ResBaz seeks to combat the loneliness that plagues the
academic community by offering face-to-face talks, workshops and  hacky hours
that encourage connections with people within the research community. Come and
join us for ResBaz 2023! We’re sure you’ll have fun and learn something new
too.
