---
layout: post
title:  "Gale Digital Scholar Lab - Text and Data Mining - HASS"
date:   2023-09-19 13:00:00
image: pens.jpg
isStaticPost: false
---
Think ResBaz is just for STEM? Think again! ResBaz is holding multiple
Humanities and Social Science events across the three days! Learn about Gale
Digital Scholar Lab, a new cloud-based text and data mining environment, which
combines open-source tools with Gale’s digital archive collections in an
integrated platform. This new platform seeks to combat two key barriers to
successfully taking on a Digital Humanities project, which can be summarised
as-

* Access to relevant data in a format optimised for analysis,
* Hosting, organising and sharing of large amounts of OCR and metadata.

Or explore the Australian Text Analytics Platform (ATAP), an ongoing national
project which provides web-enabled notebooks which allow researchers to use the
latest analytical tools to accelerate their work with unstructured text,
allowing automated analysis of conversations, semantic tagging, named entity
recognition and more.

Want to learn about NTROs? Come by and hear about case studies which include
research output from non-STEM projects which will explore different concepts of
what research data looks like, and how digital tools can be applied. There are
plenty of topics for those in the humanities. Come and join us at ResBaz to see
what’s right for you. [Register here!](https://www.eventbrite.com.au/e/resbaz-sydney-2023-tickets-707597462057)
